hi today I'm gonna demonstrate LeBrons
facial mask this is our face lift in a
bottle it's able to refine your pores
and gently tone and tighten your skin so
that sagging skin is an issue for you
this would definitely be a good product
for you look for so to start just like
with all the bright products you just
want to get a small amount but a dime
sized amount like usual that's how much
I'm using and with this you know just
dip your fingers in the end palm of your
hand then you're gonna start on your
chin and work your way up and you always
always always want to go in an upward
outward motion and if you're starting to
get some sagging skin on your neck
definitely use it on your neck too
because this works really really well on
all areas that need firming then you
want to avoid your upper lip region and
around your eyes you can get you know
around your nose definitely over your
nose that area is really good because it
you know the mass will help to tighten
those pores and I shrink down enlarged
pores especially you get it all around
there already I'm feeling it drying and
tightening up I'm not getting too close
to my eye but you can see I can get this
kind of under eye area right here that's
not too close but it'll definitely help
to firm that area up for you with your
forehead just kind of smooth that out
I'm only doing half of my face because
this really really tightens up and it'll
be difficult for me to talk doing half
your face also will let you see what the
product can really do for you so I
encourage you to try it the first time
and just hack your face so you can get a
real good visual of one fate one side
compared to the other after you try this
okay so it's all fine now I'm gonna go
lay down on the couch and put my feet up
and really relax for about the next five
to ten minutes once this mask is really
nice and tight it's gonna be hard and
firm and completely dry then I'm gonna
go and wash it off now I'm not gonna get
the kind of results because I'm 24 that
you might if you're older but it's
definitely worth trying because this is
an amazing amazing product and can
really make a big difference in the
sagging skin on your face okay it's been
about ten minutes since I applied the
facial mask and as you can see I can
really barely talk out of this side of
my mouth it doesn't hurt but it's
definitely tightened and lifted the skin
up and even though I didn't I don't have
that much sagging skin you can still
definitely notice the difference I'm
gonna go in the bathroom and wash this
off and I just wanted to point out you
know when you do this you don't want to
talk or smile or make any facial
expressions while you have it on you
want to just kind of go lay on the couch
and put your feet up and really relax
and let the facial mask do its job okay
so I had a bad ten minutes on the couch
sitting down relaxing with the facial
mask on and it really tightened and firm
this whole side of my face in the
bathroom and I just washed it off with
warm water and it's not like a peeling
mask or anything like that you just want
to wash it off just like normal and it
comes right off real quick and what
you're left with this just the smoother
softer skin I mean my skin right now
it's just baby soft it's absolutely
amazing and I'm sure if you're
experiencing some sagging skin or
wrinkles this will definitely help to
pull those up and pull them you know
back in tighter
but LeBron masks you can order a sample
online of the price skincare and the
facial mask comes with that for 575 it's
a really fun thing to try and I
encourage you to order yours today